# FOLDER STRUCTURE

```
|   .idea/
|   .gitignore
|   LICENSE.md
|   README.md
|   dependency-reduced-pom.xml
|   docker-compose.yml
|   Dockerfile
|   mvnw
|   mvnw.cmd
|   pom.xml
|
+---.mvn
|   \---wrapper
|       |   maven-wrapper.jar
|       |   maven-wrapper.properties
|
+---src
|   \---main
|       \---java
|           \---ch
|               \---heigvd
|                   \---dai
|                       |   Main.java
|                       |
|                       +---commands
|                       |       Client.java
|                       |       ClientCommand.java
|                       |       ClientUI.java
|                       |       Root.java
|                       |       Server.java
|                       |       ServerCommand.java
|                       |
|                       \---game
|                               Card.java
|                               DeckOfCards.java
|                               DisplayCards.java
|                               Game.java
|                               MainTestGame.java
|                               Player.java
|
\---target
(generated build files)

```

Here is an explanation of the project folders structure:

## Files at the root of the project

- `.idea`: Contains idea variables that are used by VScode or intellij.
- `.dependency-reduced-pom.xml`: used to remove transitive dependencies which are already in your shaded jar. to prevent consumers from pulling them in twice..
- `.gitignore`: Lists patterns for files and directories that Git should ignore when adding files to the
  repository or when checking for changes.
- `docker-compose.yml`: Declares the Docker services for running the server and client.
- `Dockerfile`: Multi-stage build file to create a compact Java 21 runtime image with your shaded JAR.
- `LICENSE.md`: Likely contains information about the license under which the project is released.
- `mvnw` and `mvnw.cmd`: These files are used to run Maven commands from the command line. `mvnw` is for Unix-based
  systems, while `mvnw.cmd` is for Windows. It allows you to run Maven commands without having to install it.
- `pom.xml`: This is the project object model (POM) file for the Maven project. It contains information about the
  project, such as its dependencies, build configuration, and plugins.
- `README.md`: project documentation including installation and usage instructions.

## Folders

- `.github`: Files related to GitHub, such as workflow configuration files.
- `.mvn/wrapper`: Files used to run Maven commands from the command line, specifically
  the `mvnw` and `mvnw.cmd` scripts.
- `doc`: Documentation, such as class documentation generated by Javadoc and
  sequence diagrams.
    - `classes`: Class diagrams images and the PlantUML source files used to generate them.
    - `sequences`: Sequence diagram images and the PlantUML source files used to generate them.
- `src`: The source code. 
    - `main` : The production code.
        - `java/ch/heigvd/dai`: Package containing the source code.
            - `commands`: Contains all CLI command declarations and networking logic.
            - `game`: Implements the core Game logic
- `target`: Generated automatically by Maven.